is today's recipe is super practice gives
time for you to run in the supermarket
buy the ingredients and still do
I'm having lunch today but not now.
First, follow the steps to
step of a delicious
Manioc was for you and from home today.
our recipe is a mashed
manioc
he is very simple practical fast goes in
it is great to accompany your
Sunday career to your chicken too
it's delicious
take a look at our ingredients note
there the ingredients 500 grams of
cassava 50 grams of butter 1 egg 3
beaten gems
the package of grated cheese salt and pepper
from the kingdom to taste
Cassava is already cooked.
kneaded it can not stay long
I like pretty fashion, yes, she has to stay.
very dry so that you can make a
mashed even to be very firm even
now we'll add everything cold
even a little pepper and 50
grams of butter a packet of
grated cheese and an egg will knead with
hands even not well cleaned aggregate
in the ingredients
everything is ready here in our
dumpling just need to put the salt to me
I do not even taste it right
I'll put some moderate salt
digital smile disappears there all
ready our dough is already ready that
We 'll make you grab a baking sheet.
greased with margarine or butter
mine is already booked here in
My oven field is already preheated
medium oven
just get one of two spoons
make the polka dots
Here you come and enjoy 900
and yet you're far away from
joking my life took the turn
is a little still sitting with gift of
travel without my life you far from
center of the player was ready for
We 're going to make three gems now.
beat them and prince over there
dumplings and put past
Come on, my life here.
separate money
today you and you must be
wondering why you're going to do the
dumplings with the spoon to stand everything
more or less the same size as the
same way, not to be even at the
oven because if we make great more
a little more diverse faster
different but to take more time to pass
equal
You'll pick up the baking sheet and take it to
bake in medium oven until our balls
golden drops that one does not ask is not asked
My love our goalkeeper is ready
My mouth is salivating with the desire of
eat do not try
here he goes very modern crispy
on the outside and soft on the inside as well
cream cake a delight
Raoni, I want to be back.
Where the taboos I hope you have
liked our revenue
for today it's only until the next people
such
Where I am I would say leave now
I want you back for me
cultural support santa cruz supermarket
It's part of your life